Like a cruel angel,
young boy, become a legend!
A blue wind is now
knocking at the door to your heart,
and yet you are merely gazing at me
and smiling.
Something gently touches
you're so intent on seeking it out,
that you can't even see your fate yet,
with such innocent eyes.
But someday I think you'll find out
that what's on your back
are wings that are for
heading for the far-off future.
The cruel angel's thesis
will soon take flight through the window,
with surging hot pathos,
if you betray your memories.
Embracing this universe and shining,
young boy, become a legend!
Sleeping for a long time
in the cradle of my love
The morning is coming when you alone will be called
by a messenger of dreams.
Moonlight reflects off
the nape of your slender neck.
Stopping time all throughout the world
I want to confine them, but...
So if two people being brought together by fate
has any meaning,
I think that it is a "bible"
for learning freedom.
The cruel angel's thesis.
The sorrow then begins.
You held tight to the form of life
when you woke up from that dream.
You shine brighter than anyone else.
Young boy, become a legend!
People create history
while weaving love.
Even knowing I'll never be a goddess
or anything like that, I live on.
The cruel angel's thesis
will soon take flight through the window,
with surging hot pathos,
if you betray your memories.
Embracing this universe and shining,
young boy, become a legend!